red bull racing Formula One team is one
of ten grand prix teams and five of
which the base within the UK from all
developing designing and evolving their
own cars and for we here in Milton
Keynes have approximately 600 people
that have focused on on designing
developing and operating to Formula one
cars at 18 races a year my name is
Christian Horner I'm the team principal
of red bull racing you know we rely
heavily on on technical partners or as
we will refer to them in evasion
partnerships and you know partnerships
such as with platform computing are
extremely important to us we are at the
cutting edge of technology and how we
manage our data how we manage our
processing how we apply our resources to
but all design applications simulation
applications are you know integral to to
our business so our innovation
partnerships are extremely important to
us my name is Steve Nephi I'm the
business development manager with the
team looking after technical
partnerships or as we call them
innovation partnerships with companies
who can bring to us contemporary and
exciting new technologies that
ultimately help us to make the car go
faster our HPC system is being used for
various types of simulation but
primarily for aerodynamic simulation
with CFD or computational fluid dynamics
platform came to us with their product
lsf which we'd known about for a little
while but it it wasn't until our HPC
clusters started to really expand that
it became obvious that we needed a tool
like this it's an expensive investment
that we made and we need to like any
business fully optimize the that
investment lsf enables us to schedule
some of the big analysis computation
that we're doing so that our engineers
don't have to be around to wait for an
analysis to finish before starting
another and they can run analyses in
parallel with
each other and the other great thing
about lsf is that it provides a
reporting tool and very easy to use
reporting tool which is available to our
senior executives so that they too can
check on progress and the efficiency of
the HPC system the platform partnership
just goes from strength to strength year
on year and our plans for the future are
to continue to develop our our IT
infrastructure to hopefully take full
advantage of all of the compute resource
that we've got within the building one
of the things that platforms LSF will
allow us to do is to incorporate some of
the desktop machines or still powerful
machines which are being used for
computer-aided design at the moment but
to incorporate them into the virtual
cluster when they're not being used when
our engineers have disappeared for the
night to get some well-earned rest the
great thing about platform is that they
came in as a true innovation partner not
a supplier of technology but a partner
who was able to understand our problems
and provide appropriate solutions to us
and still work with us and are
continuously helping us to improve the
performance of our system
you